A11y changes (#7703)
flutter/website: src/get-started/codelab.md

  * A physical device ([Android][] or [iOS][]) connected to your
    computer and set to developer mode
  * Screen reader enabled on the physical device (<a href="#talkback">TalkBack</a> on Android, <a href="#talkback">VoiceOver</a> on iPhone)
  * The [iOS simulator][] (requires installing Xcode tools)
  * The [Android emulator][] (requires setup in Android Studio)
  * A browser (Debugging requires the Chrome browser)

>   * A [Windows][], [Linux][], or [macOS][] desktop application

Author: @Sfshaza and @khanhnwin, can you make this change? it requires updating the entire list, which I did not modify or test in my work.

>   * A [Windows][], [Linux][], or [macOS][] desktop application

Reviewer: Thanks for looping me in! Let's shelve this for now. Since it's independent of the accessibility content, we should review with @sfshaza2 separately and open a different PR to update the list structure.

      "UpperCamelCase".
    {{site.alert.end}}

>     {{site.alert.important}}

Author: People tended to miss the second sentence if it was merged into the first box. That is why we separated it into two boxes.

>     {{site.alert.important}}

Reviewer 2: Stet for now.

      {% include docs/ios-windows-figure-pair.md image="step2.png" alt="App at completion of second step" %}
    {% endindent %}

    **You can try the app with a screen reader.
    Turn on the screen reader on your device using the following steps:** 

    {% comment %} Nav tabs {% endcomment -%}
    <ul class="nav nav-tabs" id="editor-setup" role="tablist">
      <li class="nav-item">
        <a class="nav-link active" id="talkback-tab" href="#talkback" role="tab" aria-controls="talkback" aria-selected="true">TalkBack on Android</a>
      </li>
      <li class="nav-item">
        <a class="nav-link" id="voiceover-tab" href="#voiceover" role="tab" aria-controls="voiceover" aria-selected="false">VoiceOver on iPhone</a>
      </li>
    </ul>

    {% comment %} Tab panes {% endcomment -%}
    <div class="tab-content">
    
    <div class="tab-pane active" id="talkback" role="tabpanel" aria-labelledby="talkback-tab" markdown="1">

    <!-- **Turn on TalkBack on your Android phone to try the app with a screen reader** -->

    1. On your device, open Settings. 
    2. Select Accessibility and then TalkBack.
    3. Turn 'Use TalkBack' on or off.
    4. Select Ok.

>     You can also view this video to learn how to find and customize all accessibility features provided by Android.
> 

Reviewer 2: **issue:** With two part sentences, write as _why_ then _how_.
```suggestion
    To learn how to find and customize Android's accessibility features, view this video.

```

    <iframe width="560" height="315" src="{{site.youtube-site}}/embed/FQyj_XTl01w" title="Customize accessibility features on Pixel" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen>
    </iframe>

    </div>

    <div class="tab-pane" id="voiceover" role="tabpanel" aria-labelledby="voiceover-tab" markdown="1">

    <!-- **Turn on VoiceOver on your iPhone to try the app with a screen reader** -->

    1. On your device, open **Settings > Accessibility > VoiceOver**
    2. Turn the VoiceOver setting on or off    

>     You can also view this video to learn how to find and customize all accessibility features provided by iOS.

Reviewer 2: **issue:** With two part sentences, write as _why_ then _how_.
```suggestion
    To learn how to find and customize iOS accessibility features, view this video.

```

## Next steps
{:.no_toc}

<container class="site-image-right">

> <!-- <iframe width="auto" height="502" src="{{site.youtube-site}}/embed/pKimFYkOfFk?feature=share" title="App on TalkBack " frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen> -->

Reviewer: should this comment be removed?

> <iframe width="auto" height="502" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/TSb8fjmKY1I" title="FOO040 talkback flutter app draft2" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Reviewer: this should probably use {{site.youtube-site}}
